docs: update readme content (#213)
Open-Attestation/oa-verify: README.md

- Is the document issuer identity valid ? (see [identity proof](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/docs-section/how-does-it-work/issuance-identity))

A wrapped document (shown below) created using [Open Attestation](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/developer-section/libraries/open-attestation) would be required.

```json
{
  "version": "https://schema.openattestation.com/2.0/schema.json",
  "data": {
    "issuers": [
      {
        "documentStore": "746531fb-bcbf-44d1-a32f-d662c411a71e:string:0x8Fc57204c35fb9317D91285eF52D6b892EC08cD3",
        "name": "824f1c2e-e289-4574-b207-d39afb151592:string:University of Blockchain",
        "identityProof": {
          "type": "e92275d8-5e8f-4adf-98fe-62e615f9837d:string:DNS-TXT",
          "location": "3628440e-c859-4eec-bf47-fffedafec154:string:example.openattestation.com"
        }
      }
    ]
  },
  "privacy": { "obfuscatedData": [] },
  "signature": {
    "type": "SHA3MerkleProof",
    "targetHash": "0badef8f1d5652abef918c15725412b715c708d5eb25fe14df155d63c5241f62",
    "proof": [],
    "merkleRoot": "0badef8f1d5652abef918c15725412b715c708d5eb25fe14df155d63c5241f62"
  }
}
```

To perform verification check on the document:

> ```javascript

Reviewer: let's move to TS

Reviewer: Also this initial example should use verify 🤔

Author: ok changed to TS and used verify instead.

// index.js
const { isValid, openAttestationVerifiers, verificationBuilder } = require("@govtechsg/oa-verify");
const document = require("./document.json");

const verify = verificationBuilder(openAttestationVerifiers, {
  network: "ropsten",
});

verify(document).then((fragments) => {
  console.log(isValid(fragments)); // output true
});
```

### Custom verification

> By default the provided `verify` method performs multiple checks on a document

Reviewer: this is not true anymore, there are missing verifiers

Author: ok, included the missing verifiers:

- for the type `DOCUMENT_STATUS`: it runs `OpenAttestationEthereumDocumentStoreStatus`, `OpenAttestationEthereumTokenRegistryStatus` and **`DidSignedDocumentStatus`** verifiers
- for the type `DOCUMENT_INTEGRITY`: it runs `OpenAttestationHash` verifier
- for the type `ISSUER_IDENTITY`: it runs `OpenAttestationDnsTxt`, **`DnsDidProof`** and **`DidIdentityProof`** verifiers

Reviewer: `DidIdentityProof` is not included by default

Author: right, I overlooked it. removed it in the latest commit.

All those verifiers are exported as `openAttestationVerifiers`

You can build your own verify method or you own verifiers:

```typescript
import { verificationBuilder, openAttestationVerifiers } from "@govtechsg/oa-verify";

// creating your own verify using default exported verifiers
const verify = verificationBuilder(openAttestationVerifiers); // this verify is equivalent to the one exported by the library
const verify = verificationBuilder([openAttestationVerifiers[0], openAttestationVerifiers[1]]); // this verify only run 2 verifiers

// creating your own verify using custom verifier
import { verificationBuilder, openAttestationVerifiers, Verifier } from "@govtechsg/oa-verify";
const customVerifier: Verifier = {
  skip: () => {
    // return a SkippedVerificationFragment if the verifier should be skipped or throw an error if it should always run
  },
  test: () => {
    // return true or false
  },
  verify: async (document) => {
    // perform checks and returns a fragment
  },
};

// create your own verify function with all verifiers and your custom one
const verify = verificationBuilder([...openAttestationVerifiers, customVerifier]);
```

> Refer to [verification methods](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/developer-section/libraries/open-attestation-verify#custom-verification) to find out more on how to create your own custom verifier.

Reviewer: page not found at the moment

Author: ok i fixed this. some of the links would still be broken as they are referencing the new route from the restructured oa documentation-website. the links here will be fixed as soon the oa document-website is updated to the new version

### Custom validation

The `isValid` function will execute over fragments and determine if the fragments produced a valid result. By default the function will return true if a document fulfill the following conditions:

- The document has NOT been tampered, AND
- The document has been issued, AND
- The document has NOT been revoked, AND
- The issuer identity is valid.

The function also allows a list of types to check for as a second parameter.

> ```javascript

Reviewer: TS

Author: ok done.

});

verify(document).then((fragments) => {
  console.log(isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_INTEGRITY"])); // output true
  console.log(isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_STATUS"])); // output false
  console.log(isValid(fragments, ["ISSUER_IDENTITY"])); // output false
  console.log(isValid(fragments)); // output false
});
```

- `isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_INTEGRITY"])` returns true because the integrity of the document is not dependent on the network it has been published to.
- `isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_STATUS"])` returns false because the document has not been published on Ethereum main network.
- `isValid(fragments, ["ISSUER_IDENTITY"])` returns false because there is no [DNS-TXT record](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/integrator-section/verifiable-document/ethereum/dns-proof) associated with the Ethereum main network's document store.
- `isValid(fragments)` returns false because at least one of the above returns false.

### Listening to individual verification method

The `verify` function has an option to listen to individual verification methods. It might be useful if you want, for instance, to provide individual loader on your UI.

```javascript
// index.js

> const { isValid, openAttestationVerifiers, verificationBuilder } = require("@govtechsg/oa-verify");

Reviewer: TS

Author: ok done.

- [Building custom verifier](#custom-verification)
- [Building custom validation](#custom-validation)

This module does not provide the following functionality:

- Programmatic wrapping of OA documents (refer to [Open Attestation](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/developer-section/libraries/open-attestation#wrapping-documents))
- Encryption or decryption of OA documents (refer to [Open Attestation (Encryption)](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/developer-section/libraries/open-attestation-encryption))
- Programmatic issuance/revocation of document on the Ethereum blockchain

## Installation

```bash
npm i @govtechsg/oa-verify
```

---

## Usage

### Verifying a document

A verification happens on a wrapped document, and it consists of answering to some questions:

- Has the document been tampered with ?
- Is the issuance state of the document valid ?
- Is the document issuer identity valid ? (see [identity proof](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/docs-section/how-does-it-work/issuance-identity))

A wrapped document (shown below) created using [Open Attestation](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/developer-section/libraries/open-attestation) would be required.

```json

> {

Reviewer: Just to make sure, is this really a valid document that works on ropsten? If that's the case can add that sentence just above? (below you will find a valid document issued on ropsten, etc.)

const verify1 = verificationBuilder(openAttestationVerifiers, { network: "ropsten" }); // this verify is equivalent to the one exported by the library
// this verify is equivalent to the one exported by the library
const verify2 = verificationBuilder([openAttestationVerifiers[0], openAttestationVerifiers[1]], {
  network: "ropsten",
}); // this verify only run 2 verifiers
```

```ts
// creating your own verify using custom verifier
import { verificationBuilder, openAttestationVerifiers, Verifier } from "@govtechsg/oa-verify";
const customVerifier: Verifier = {
  skip: () => {
    // return a SkippedVerificationFragment if the verifier should be skipped or throw an error if it should always run
  },
  test: () => {
    // return true or false
  },
  verify: async (document) => {
    // perform checks and returns a fragment
  },
};

// create your own verify function with all verifiers and your custom one
const verify = verificationBuilder([...openAttestationVerifiers, customVerifier], { network: "ropsten" });
```

Refer to [Extending Custom Verification](#extending-custom-verification) to find out more on how to create your own custom verifier.

### Custom validation

> The `isValid` function will execute over fragments and determine if the fragments produced a valid result. By default the function will return true if a document fulfill the following conditions:

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a sentence first to remind that verification will return fragments (and what is a fragment_

Reviewer: In a recent adr, I added definitions. Could be useful here too: https://github.com/Open-Attestation/adr/blob/master/decentralised_rendering.md#definitions

import * as document from "./document.json";

const verify = verificationBuilder(openAttestationVerifiers, {
  network: "mainnet",
});

const fragments = await verify(document as any);

console.log(isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_INTEGRITY"])); // output true
console.log(isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_STATUS"])); // output false
console.log(isValid(fragments, ["ISSUER_IDENTITY"])); // outpute false
console.log(isValid(fragments)); // output false
```

- `isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_INTEGRITY"])` returns true because the integrity of the document is not dependent on the network it has been published to.
- `isValid(fragments, ["DOCUMENT_STATUS"])` returns false because the document has not been published on Ethereum main network.
- `isValid(fragments, ["ISSUER_IDENTITY"])` returns false because there is no [DNS-TXT record](https://www.openattestation.com/docs/integrator-section/verifiable-document/ethereum/dns-proof) associated with the Ethereum main network's document store.
- `isValid(fragments)` returns false because at least one of the above returns false.

### Listening to individual verification method

> The `verify` function has an option to listen to individual verification methods. It might be useful if you want, for instance, to provide individual loader on your UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `verify` function provides an option to listen to individual verification methods. It might be useful if you want, for instance, to provide individual loaders on your UI.
```

const fragments = await verify(document as any, promisesCallBack);

console.log(isValid(fragments)); // output true
```

---

## Advanced usage

### Extending Custom Verification

Extending from [Custom Verification](#custom-verification) section, we will learn how to write custom verification methods and how you can distribute your own verifier.

#### Building a custom verification method

We will write a verification method having the following rules:

1. it must run only on document having their version equal to `https://schema.openattestation.com/2.0/schema.json`.
1. it must return a valid fragment, if and only if the document data hold a name property with the value `Certificate of Completion`

**Document version must be equal to `https://schema.openattestation.com/2.0/schema.json`**

This is where `skip` and `test` methods come into play. We will use the `test` method to return when the verification method run, and the `skip` method to explain why it didn't run:

```ts
// index.ts
import { verificationBuilder, openAttestationVerifiers, isValid } from "@govtechsg/oa-verify";
import { getData } from "@govtechsg/open-attestation";
import * as document from "./document.json";

> const customVerifier = {

Reviewer: missing Verifier type

```ts
// index.ts
import { verificationBuilder, openAttestationVerifiers, isValid } from "@govtechsg/oa-verify";
import { getData } from "@govtechsg/open-attestation";
import * as document from "./document.json";

const customVerifier = {
  skip: async () => {
    /* content has been defined in the section above */
  },
  test: () => /* content has been defined in the section above */,
  verify: async (document: any) => {
    const documentData = getData(document);
    if (documentData.name !== "Certificate of Completion") {
      return {
        type: "DOCUMENT_INTEGRITY",
        name: "CustomVerifier",
        data: documentData.name,
        reason: {
          code: 1,
          codeString: "INVALID_NAME",
          message: `Document name is ${documentData.name}`,
        },
        status: "INVALID",
      };
    }
    return {
      type: "DOCUMENT_INTEGRITY",
      name: "CustomVerifier",
      data: documentData.name,
      status: "VALID",
    };
  },
};
```

#### Building a custom verify method

> The `verify` function is built to run a list of verification method. Each verifier will produce a fragment that will help to determine if the document is valid. OpenAttestation comes with its own set of verification methods available in `openAttestationVerifiers`.

Reviewer: The two first paragraph looks redundant with what we explained above. Maybe can reference to above instead
